Hi.Maybe nacoconfuse ka kung sino ako pero I just wanna tell you po that I really admire you and I find you cute. ni hindi nga ako makaIwas ng tingin pag nakikita kita. Kung alam mo lang, haha,. I wanna be friends with you in person. First time kong nangulit ng ganto, first time ko rin umamin kaso sa dummy account nga lang,,haha.

 I don't know why you make me feel this way but I know for certain that for the first time I saw you , I was mesmerized. I can't forget those beautiful eyes that seems to capture my soul. It was really enchanting for me. That moment was etched deep in my mind as I can't seem to forget you. Everyday I wish to know your name but I don't have the courage to approach you. 

I thought it was just a passing feeling, a sudden admiration and also a suddenly disappearing one but sigh I am wrong. I can't take my eyes off of you po I wanna Pursue you And huwag kang mag-alala,haha, I won't expect anything in return. Just let me admire you from afar for now. Chatting you po is my only way para maka-usap ka so If you don't mind na kinukulit kita palagi don't block me but if you find na irritating and disturbing ako then Block me. Your inner peace is also my wish haha. So yun lang bye po...


hi po.. Maybe nacoconfuse ka kung sino ako pero all I can say is I really like you and I find you cute sobra.. ni hindi nga ako makaIwas ng tingin pag nakikita kita. Kung alam mo lang, haha,. I wanna be friends with you in person. First time kong nangulit ng ganto, first time ko rin umamin kaso sa dummy account nga lang,,haha. I wanna pursue you in secret pero huwag kang mag-alala, I won't expect anything in return. Just let me admire you from afar for now. Don't feel threatened or anything i mean no harm. Chatting you is my only way to talk to you but if I somehow makes you feel uncomfortable sabihin mo lang. This past few days I tried to chat you pero di kana nagrereply which is kinda sad pero it's okay, busy ka siguro and need mo nang personal time. I understand naman) So bear with me until this feelings fades away(which is unlikely haha)...




Things I like about you:
1. Your eyes
2. Your personality

A little about me!

Vices: NONE
Personality: Introvert
Hobbies: Watching movies
I sometimes like to hangout with friends but sometimes maggala ng mag-isa
A date to marry person

a 



























7:50 PM
narinig ko yung kanta mo 
magaling ka pala kumanta tas ang ganda ng boses mo po,,
kung yun l


